c:\users\emre\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NewsProject\NewsProject.Repository\bin\Debug\NewsProject.Repository.dll
c:\users\emre\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NewsProject\NewsProject.Repository\bin\Debug\NewsProject.Repository.pdb
c:\users\emre\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NewsProject\NewsProject.Repository\bin\Debug\NewsProject.Core.dll
c:\users\emre\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NewsProject\NewsProject.Repository\bin\Debug\NewsProject.Data.EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\emre\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NewsProject\NewsProject.Repository\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\emre\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NewsProject\NewsProject.Repository\bin\Debug\Ioc.dll
c:\users\emre\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NewsProject\NewsProject.Repository\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.dll
c:\users\emre\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NewsProject\NewsProject.Repository\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll
c:\users\emre\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NewsProject\NewsProject.Repository\bin\Debug\NewsProject.Core.pdb
c:\users\emre\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NewsProject\NewsProject.Repository\bin\Debug\NewsProject.Data.EntityFramework.pdb
c:\users\emre\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NewsProject\NewsProject.Repository\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\emre\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NewsProject\NewsProject.Repository\bin\Debug\Ioc.pdb
c:\users\emre\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NewsProject\NewsProject.Repository\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.xml
c:\users\emre\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NewsProject\NewsProject.Repository\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.pdb
c:\users\emre\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NewsProject\NewsProject.Repository\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.xml
c:\users\emre\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NewsProject\NewsProject.Repository\obj\Debug\NewsProject.Repository.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\emre\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NewsProject\NewsProject.Repository\obj\Debug\NewsProject.Repository.dll
c:\users\emre\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NewsProject\NewsProject.Repository\obj\Debug\NewsProject.Repository.pdb
c:\users\emre\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NewsProject\NewsProject.Repository\bin\Debug\NewsProject.Converter.dll
c:\users\emre\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NewsProject\NewsProject.Repository\bin\Debug\NewsProject.Model.dll
c:\users\emre\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NewsProject\NewsProject.Repository\bin\Debug\NewsProject.Converter.pdb
c:\users\emre\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NewsProject\NewsProject.Repository\bin\Debug\NewsProject.Model.pdb
c:\users\emre\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NewsProject\NewsProject.Repository\bin\Debug\NewsProject.Repository.dll.config
c:\users\emre\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NewsProject\NewsProject.Repository\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\emre\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NewsProject\NewsProject.Repository\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\emre\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NewsProject\NewsProject.Repository\bin\Debug\StackExchange.Redis.dll
c:\users\emre\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NewsProject\NewsProject.Repository\bin\Debug\StackExchange.Redis.xml
C:\Users\Emre\Desktop\DoganOnlineProje\NewsProject\NewsProject.Repository\bin\Debug\NewsProject.Repository.dll.config
C:\Users\Emre\Desktop\DoganOnlineProje\NewsProject\NewsProject.Repository\bin\Debug\NewsProject.Repository.dll
C:\Users\Emre\Desktop\DoganOnlineProje\NewsProject\NewsProject.Repository\bin\Debug\NewsProject.Repository.pdb
C:\Users\Emre\Desktop\DoganOnlineProje\NewsProject\NewsProject.Repository\bin\Debug\NewsProject.Converter.dll
C:\Users\Emre\Desktop\DoganOnlineProje\NewsProject\NewsProject.Repository\bin\Debug\NewsProject.Core.dll
C:\Users\Emre\Desktop\DoganOnlineProje\NewsProject\NewsProject.Repository\bin\Debug\NewsProject.Data.EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Emre\Desktop\DoganOnlineProje\NewsProject\NewsProject.Repository\bin\Debug\NewsProject.Model.dll
C:\Users\Emre\Desktop\DoganOnlineProje\NewsProject\NewsProject.Repository\bin\Debug\StackExchange.Redis.dll
C:\Users\Emre\Desktop\DoganOnlineProje\NewsProject\NewsProject.Repository\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Emre\Desktop\DoganOnlineProje\NewsProject\NewsProject.Repository\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Emre\Desktop\DoganOnlineProje\NewsProject\NewsProject.Repository\bin\Debug\Ioc.dll
C:\Users\Emre\Desktop\DoganOnlineProje\NewsProject\NewsProject.Repository\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.dll
C:\Users\Emre\Desktop\DoganOnlineProje\NewsProject\NewsProject.Repository\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll
C:\Users\Emre\Desktop\DoganOnlineProje\NewsProject\NewsProject.Repository\bin\Debug\NewsProject.Converter.pdb
C:\Users\Emre\Desktop\DoganOnlineProje\NewsProject\NewsProject.Repository\bin\Debug\NewsProject.Core.pdb
C:\Users\Emre\Desktop\DoganOnlineProje\NewsProject\NewsProject.Repository\bin\Debug\NewsProject.Data.EntityFramework.pdb
C:\Users\Emre\Desktop\DoganOnlineProje\NewsProject\NewsProject.Repository\bin\Debug\NewsProject.Model.pdb
C:\Users\Emre\Desktop\DoganOnlineProje\NewsProject\NewsProject.Repository\bin\Debug\StackExchange.Redis.xml
C:\Users\Emre\Desktop\DoganOnlineProje\NewsProject\NewsProject.Repository\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Emre\Desktop\DoganOnlineProje\NewsProject\NewsProject.Repository\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Emre\Desktop\DoganOnlineProje\NewsProject\NewsProject.Repository\bin\Debug\Ioc.pdb
C:\Users\Emre\Desktop\DoganOnlineProje\NewsProject\NewsProject.Repository\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.xml
C:\Users\Emre\Desktop\DoganOnlineProje\NewsProject\NewsProject.Repository\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.pdb
C:\Users\Emre\Desktop\DoganOnlineProje\NewsProject\NewsProject.Repository\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.xml
C:\Users\Emre\Desktop\DoganOnlineProje\NewsProject\NewsProject.Repository\obj\Debug\NewsProject.Repository.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Emre\Desktop\DoganOnlineProje\NewsProject\NewsProject.Repository\obj\Debug\NewsProject.Repository.dll
C:\Users\Emre\Desktop\DoganOnlineProje\NewsProject\NewsProject.Repository\obj\Debug\NewsProject.Repository.pdb
